Document assertions & testing library (#2010)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6/next/javascript-api/jslib/testing/expect.md

---
title: 'expect()'

> head_title: 'expect()'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> description: 'Main assertion function for creating expectations in k6 tests'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'expect() is the main function for creating assertions in k6 tests'
```

Is this more accurate, or should we still mention "expectations" here as well?

weight: 10
---

# expect()

> The `expect()` function is the main entry point for creating assertions in the k6 testing library. It provides a fluent API for both retrying and non-retrying assertions.

Reviewer: Is "fluent" being used here as a technical term?
